Hello dear subscribers
spectators on the street summer heat decided
cook raspberry class to start
we need 4 cups of raspberries and 4 liters
water using a rolling pin, I crush raspberries
Raspberry porridge I fall asleep in the water and set
on fire let it boil for minutes
fifteen to twenty
raspberry decoction ready
dissolving in it 200 grams of sugar decoction
should cool off at a temperature of 30-35
degrees
leavened wort is cooled now her need
filter while going to filter
I'll fill in with warm compote dry yeast
I have about a teaspoon here
yeast activated
pouring their wort
I lay a jar on a jerry and become 12
hours at room temperature
12 hours passed kvass won back by the way he
I took what you need now
I didn’t start it for carbonation
I will try to create
gone so think bottles add it
two tablespoons of sugar are poured
I add you a bottle of raisins and
sugar
or
football
add the amount of sugar under
risk yourself sweeter add no more
sweeter
you can not add at all now
I open the bottles tightly with lids and
put at room temperature and up
start cycle 56
5 hours passed
you are saturated with carbon dioxide now to us
need to kill the yeast that remained
for this you need to cool it sharply or
same throw this cold water or like me
just put his freezer
about an hour and a half can less
maybe more on the street plus 32
Marina Vika you ready need him
sample
we will try
Well, smell your crimson smell
rich summer yummy
street lighting and beyond that norm that is
ok u smolin you distinct gaziki
trouble shaft phrase
deliciously fruity summer refreshing
I recommend definitely super class
I will try to add a cocktail with the front
strawberry liqueur kvass
yummy thanks for all the attention
sign on the channel put likes and
dislikes step groups
all until we meet again